h1. BlipTV API

This is a *"Blip.TV API":blip_api_url PHP5 Class* that is used to access and retrieve
data from the Blip.TV APIs.
It does *not* support authentication, which is used with the "REST API":rest_api_url 
to upload videos and/or remove them.
I recommend the "Blip-PHP Project":blip-php if you need those options.

This repository contains the "Services_JSON":http://pear.php.net/pepr/pepr-proposal-show.php?id=198
class, which is licensed under the "BSD License":http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php ,
and used to provide compatibility for PHP5 < 5.2.0.
It also contains the *BlipTV API* class which is licensed under the "MIT License":mit_license .

h2. Usage

*Requires PHP5 >= 5.0.0*

Documentation and usage instructions/examples can be found at the project's "Wiki Page":Wiki_Page .

h2. Feedback

*Report An Issue/Bug*
Please report issues on the project's "GitHub Issues":issues page.
Known issues with Blip.TV's API are noted in the code's comments, but if you find
something I missed, please report them so I can fix/note them.

*Comments/Suggestions*
If you'd like to leave some general feedback, please visit my website "http://amereservant.com":http://amereservant.com
and leave me a message.  A better commenting system will be implimented at a later date.

[issues]http://github.com/amereservant/BlipTV-API/issues
[feedback_link]http://amereservant.com/
[Wiki_Page]http://wiki.github.com/amereservant/BlipTV-API/
[blip_api_url]http://wiki.blip.tv/index.php/Blip.tv_API
[blip-php]http://code.google.com/p/blip-php/
[mit_license]http://creativecommons.org/licenses/MIT/

